Update governance and community documents to reflect current status (#4049)
the-turing-way/the-turing-way: ACCESSIBILITY.md

All of the information in this form is processed anonymously, with the option of submitting contact information by choice. 
2. **Drop-in sessions**: Throughout the calendar year, we would like to facilitate drop-in session to receive feedback about access related different parts of project.
These may take place at our [Collaboration Cafe](https://book.the-turing-way.org/community-handbook/coworking/coworking-collabcafe.html) or may be hosted separately. 

> 3. **Email the Research Community Manager or project team directly directly**: You can always email the Research Community Manager or other members of the [project delivery team](https://github.com/the-turing-way/the-turing-way/blob/main/GOVERNANCE_ROLES.md).

Reviewer: Maybe we should say "Community Manager" instead of RCM.

> 3. **Email the Research Community Manager or project team directly directly**: You can always email the Research Community Manager or other members of the [project delivery team](https://github.com/the-turing-way/the-turing-way/blob/main/GOVERNANCE_ROLES.md).

Author: ```suggestion
3. **Email us**: You can reach out to the Project Delivery Team by emailing [turingway@turing.ac.uk](mailto:turingway@turing.ac.uk). You can also reach out to specific members as listed on {ref}`fw-governance-roles`.
```

> 3. **Email us**: You can reach out to the Project Delivery Team by emailing [turingway@turing.ac.uk](mailto:turingway@turing.ac.uk). You can also reach out to [specific members of the team](https://github.com/the-turing-way/the-turing-way/blob/main/GOVERNANCE_ROLES.md).

Reviewer 2: May need to change this email update.

Author: See comment above.
